# GEO1001_Assignment1
The python script opens 5 sets of Data, from sensors A, B, C, D, and E, then cuts the last values off of certian sets, since some sensors got 1 or 2 extra readings, and cutting off the last datapoints makes it so that all sensors have the same time slots for all data. then the mean  statistics are calculated using eexisting python modules. a histogram is made to plot the frequency of the temperature data. An assigned number of bins can be selected and evaluated. frequency polygons are created for the temperature values, and can be compared between the sensors. Boxplots are created for the variables Temperature, windspeed, and wind direction, for sensors A to E. Next the PMF, PDF, and CDF graphs are created for the temperature values of all sensors. The PDFs are then plottted for the windspeed together with the kernel density lines. Correlations are calculated between the sensors values, and displayed in scatter plots. this scatter plot displays the sensor on the x axis,a nd then has a point for the correlation with every sensor, the value of which going according to the y axis. 
Next the 95% confidence intervals are plotted on the CDF graphs, shown together in one plot to give better comparison. and a txt file is created with the 95% CI values. 
The hypotheisis test is done with a p-test, and printed in the console. these can then be compared with alpha(which is 0.05)
lastly, for each sensor, the datapoints can be searched that are higher than a given temperature. the output are datapoints, which can be looked up in the datafile to find the exact moment of the reading.
